API changes for Okta conditional access (#35632)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

## Conditional access

- [Get Okta certificate](#get-okta-certificate)
- [Get Okta configuration profile](#get-okta-configuration-profile)
- [Delete Microsoft Entra ID](#disconnect-microsoft-entra-id) 

### Get Okta certificate

Download the SAML IdP signing certificate for Okta conditional access. Okta uses this certificate to verify SAML assertions signed by Fleet.

`GET /api/v1/fleet/conditional_access/idp/signing_cert`

#### Parameters

None.

#### Example

`GET /api/v1/fleet/conditional_access/idp/signing_cert`

##### Default response

`Status: 200`

Returns a PEM-encoded X.509 certificate file with `Content-Type: application/x-pem-file`.

### Get Okta configuration profile

Download the Apple configuration profile (.mobileconfig) for Okta conditional access. This profile configures SCEP enrollment and client certificate authentication on Apple devices.

`GET /api/v1/fleet/conditional_access/idp/apple/profile`

#### Parameters

None.

#### Example

`GET /api/v1/fleet/conditional_access/idp/apple/profile`

##### Default response

`Status: 200`

Returns an Apple configuration profile file with `Content-Type: application/x-apple-aspen-config`.

### Delete Microsoft Entra ID

> Fleet will be disconnected from Microsoft Entra and will stop blocking end users from logging in with single sign-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disconnects Fleet from Microsoft Entra. This means end users, whose hosts are failing policies, will no longer be blocked from logging in to third-party apps.
```

@getvictor does deleting Microsoft Entra ID unblock end users right away? Or, does the end user have to wait for the next Fleet scheduled job to run?

Reviewer: I'll check, yes. Approving this PR before I check b/c I don't think the check blocks use from merging.
